/*
  Beginning to explore the discoveries in nuclear science: the making of the atomic bomb
*/

"I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds"

  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lb13ynu3Iac

There are measurable affects to the use of nuclear power and immeasurable affects.

J. Robert Oppenheimer was an American physicist known as the "Father of the Atomic Bomb".
The quote he recited was from the Bhagavad Gita. Within the context of the Hindu
text, it describes a scene where fullfilling one's duty becomes difficult due the
way it conflicts with one's beliefs.

It was his commentary after the testing of the atomic bomb which led me to read
the Bhagavad Gita for myself. He was also the one who led me to explore my own
feelings in regards to my work. As an individual who loves to create things and
test my abilities, I had never once stopped to think that perhaps one day I would
be forced to use my skills for something that will inflict harm upon others.

This level of introspection is one that I am sure is prevalent within the scientific
community. The atomic bomb was not the only weapon to be borne out of nuclear
science. Likewise, not all creations have labelled "weapon", yet they still
inflict harm upon others.

We as creators have so much power. We have the ability to create wonderful things.
Not very many people could have developed such a weapon. That fact in and of itself
is a form of protection against the destruction of civilization. What I found to
be strange was the fact that so many decisions were driven by fear. Feynman decided
to help with the creation of the bomb out of fear that the Germans would do it first.

Considering the nature of nuclear power, there seems to be no way in which to use
it without harming every living thing around it. Desposing of the nuclear waste is
just as harmful. The question is whether or not something so radioactive really
can do enough good to outweigh the harm. In trying to find an application of nuclear
power, I checked to see if the application followed a specific constraints:

  1. Does not require massive amounts of nuclear power (to prevent the destruction
    of an entire ecosystem in the production process)
  2. Does not generate a large amount of toxic waste (to prevent an
    entire ecosystem from being destroyed by a glorified trash can)
  3. Its purpose does not include destroying living things.

Thus, after long hours of research, I finally came across an application of nuclear
science with some promise. Seeing as I am not a nuclear physicist, I imagine there
are aspects of it which I am unable to understand as being either helpful or harmful.
